Previously on
Damages...
You destroyed my
reputation. I want it back.
It's a green building- perfect
headquarters for my new company.
And we'll just be, you know,
a normal family again.
How is Jill?
You were right about
her.
It's over.
What did the doctor say?
We're doing great.
What's next? It's time
for a 3-D ultrasound.
The Tobins have totally wiped
out our financial security.
We've lost everything.
One of the names you requested that I
watch out for turned up: Thomas Shayes.
How's Patty Hewes know
about Antigua?
Your father used a
courier to help move the money.
Who did he use?
Your father had a daughter
with Danielle Marchetti.
Am I in trouble?
Not if you keep
telling the truth.
I don't think Tessa Marchetti is
aware of what she's actually doing.
...using the third
form to move money.
I thought you should know the
actual cause of your father's death.
I was the one who found
his body.
There were no chemicals.
But that doesn't
explain Danielle Marchetti.
She also died from a potassium
overdose.
I think Carol Tobin may have
killed Danielle Marchetti.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You used to work for
Patty Hewes, isn't that right?
Did you know that she was in
a... a car accident?
No. Is she okay?
Yeah, she's fine.
I mean, it's lucky, because it
was quite violent.
My God.
What happened?
Uh, we're-we're not,
we're not sure, actually.
Uh... the strange thing, uh, is
that the driver of the car that
hit her just disappeared.
What's stranger, uh, is that
the... the car
that-that hit Ms. Hewes was
registered to Thomas Shayes.
Yeah, it-it stumped me, too.
I, uh... so I thought maybe, um,
maybe you could help.
You're a lawyer, um...
You're good at puzzles, right?
So, I thought m-maybe, you know, we could
figure this out, you know, together...
Transcrypt by www.addic7ed.com
Wind.
That's why we're here tonight,
to talk about wind.
Several years ago, when I left the
private sector, I had a kind of epiphany.
It struck me...
What is the point of doing
anything, unless you're doing good?
So simple.
So profound.
What is the point of doing
anything, unless you're doing good?
Hear, hear!
Thank you, Archie.
I appreciate the enthusiasm.
Maybe not your tie, but
definitely the enthusiasm.
So, I created the Whirlwind
Initiative to spread the gospel
of wind power.
It is time for this country to
invest in a good, clean,
homegrown energy alternative.
To that end, I want to thank
a bunch of people who have
made very generous contributions
to this organization.
And I want to shake each one
of your hands individually, and
I promise I will.
But first, there's somebody
here tonight that I think merits
special attention: Terry Brooke,
ladies and gentlemen.
Now, we all know Terry from
Hollywood.
You know, he's been in some of
the biggest comedies in the past
decade, but his commitment to
the Whirlwind Initiative is no
laughing matter.
He has taken time off tonight
to support our cause and to
effect a positive, global
change.
Thank you, Arthur.
Thank you, Terry.
I salute you.
Here are account statements
from my bank in Antigua.
I got you everything in my name.
That's what you wanted, right?
There are only two
accounts?
Checking and savings,
like I told you.
And there's not much in there.
Just your salary from
the airline?
Yes.
I don't see how this could have
anything to do with the Tobins' money.
But I'll do whatever
I can to help.
We appreciate your
cooperation, Tessa.
Thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
Actually, I have
one more question.
Where did you spend last
Thanksgiving?
Upstate with a friend
and her family. Why?
You didn't celebrate
with your mother?
No.
Why not?
We got in a fight.
It was stupid.
It was her last Thanksgiving,
and she spent it alone.
All right, Tessa.
Thank you.
What does Patty
Hewes know?
She knows Tessa Marchetti
had an account in Antigua.
But she'll never see what's in
the account.
When I meet with her today, I'll
make sure of it.
Thank you for coming
all this way.
It was a pleasure
meeting you.
I didn't know your father, but
I had great respect for the man.
Thank you, Mr. Emanuel.
Patty knows the money's in
Antigua.
That doesn't worry you?
She can't get to it.
The banking laws are on our
side.
And if she tries to get around the
laws, we have Mr. Emanuel to protect us.
You trust him?
He's financially
motivated.
Your dad and I cut him in.
Uh-huh.
There's nothing to
worry about, fellas.
As long as you don't get greedy
and start spending the money
anytime soon.
There's something
that you should know.
A woman from the D.A.'s
office approached Joe.
She didn't ask about
the money.
The D.A. thinks that Danielle
Marchetti was murdered.
They're looking into it.
So, you should be careful.
I should be careful?
I'm not the one who killed her.
We had nothing to do
with it.
Well, if you didn't
do it, who did?
Something must be
terribly wrong with Carol.
She's disappeared
like this before.
Always finds her way home.
Not always.
Who is she seeing, Lenny?
I don't know.
She hasn't mentioned anybody.
She has tragic
taste in men.
Where did she get that?
She's probably holed up with
someone right now.
Okay, let's just...
let's just figure this out,
okay?
Would it make you feel better if
I hired someone to find her?
Yes.
Do that, please.
Okay, Marilyn?
Marilyn, leave this to me.
Everything's going to be fine.
Thank you, Lenny.
No one ever calms me down
like you.
Even Louis.
Oh, come on.
It's true.
He'd say the right words,
humor me...
But I know that you always take
my concerns to heart.
It's only...
'cause you let me.
I can confirm that
Miss Marchetti has both a
checking and a savings account
at the Royal Antiguan Bank.
We believe she's
signing documents for another
account.
If she has another,
we haven't been able to find it.
And if the account was opened
as an international banking
company, we may never find it.
Mr. Emanuel, this is the largest
financial fraud in history.
I share your frustration, and I will continue to pursue
every avenue on your behalf. But you must be patient.
Well, Mr. Emanuel,
thank you for coming in. Thank you.
He's never going to give us anything.
No, he's not.
But we may have another lead.
I've been talking to Ellen.
Carol Tobin's
missing. She hasn't
been back to her
apartment in days.
So I was hoping you guys could
pull some strings and help
locate her.
Can't you do that
through the D.A.'s office?
Ellen doesn't want
her boss to know that we're
looking into Carol.
Why not?
I don't want Gates
getting in your way.
Thank you.
Wherever Carol is,
we'll find her.
Hey.
Thank you for bringing me here.
It's much better.
I feel safer.
Michael?
Ellen.
Hey, there.
Hey.
How's, how's life
after Patty Hewes?
I should ask you
the same question.
Life's good.
Jill Burnham, Ellen Parsons.
Hi.
Hi, lovely to meet
you.
Ellen was my mom's
favorite associate.
Ah, you must be pretty special
if you were Patty's favorite.
Are you, uh, are you also
expecting?
No, oh, no.
Um, God, no.
Just, uh, I was getting a
present for my niece.
Aw, that's nice.
And you two are...?
Having a baby, yeah.
Wow, that's- you're
going to be a father?
Sure looks like
that.
That's... wow,
that's great.
We're excited, yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, um, I'm
having an art show coming up.
Maybe you could stop by.
Oh... okay.
Great. Thank you.
Well, it was good
running into you.
Yeah. You, too.
Nice to meet you.
And, uh, take care.
You, too.
Bye.
All right, so is she going to
tell your mother that I'm pregnant?
Oh, I don't think they
speak to each other anymore.
Ellen's just another
person my mom pushed away.
We've been
keeping tabs on Joe Tobin.
He hasn't been drinking and he's
been attending meetings
regularly.
I have, uh,
something else for you.
Uh, it concerns Joe's sister,
Carol.
We can't find her.
Obviously, her mother is very
concerned.
I understand.
Is there a man in her life?
Well, she's had a bad
history in that respect.
You know, shady
boyfriends, two ex-husbands.
Their names are actually all
there.
Ones we're aware of, anyway.
The fact is, you know, she could be at
a yoga retreat and didn't tell anyone.
So just find her.
I'll get on it
straightaway.
Excuse me.
Hmm?
I never asked.
Are you married?
Why do you want
to know?
Right. Right.
Don't answer. Thank you.
I'll let you
know when we find her.
Have things settled
down at all for you here?
Are the paparazzi
still totally insane?
It's a little bit
better, I guess.
I've, I've been
thinking about you a lot and...
and missing you.
JOE I know.
You realize this
time last year we were in Aspen?
Aspen, yeah.
Yeah.
Kevin keeps asking why we're not
skiing with the Hoffmans this
winter.
Kevin doesn't realize that the
Hoffmans refuse to see us.
What?
I have something for
you.
Just...
I don't understand.
Where did you get this?
We have friends.
They're willing to help us.
Illegally?
No, I would not put you
at that risk.
The money's a gift.
That's okay to
accept?
This is okay?
Lenny says gifts are
fine.
Okay?
But if Patty Hewes knew! bout
it, she'd try to take it away.
So don't spend it conspicuously.
Meaning what?
Meaning buy what you
need and buy what...
Kevin wants.
Baby, you don't deserve to be
living the way you are.
I'll get you more whenever I
can.
Joe, I...
Rach, take it.
Take it.
It makes me feel better.
First off, let me
just say it's a, it's a real
thrill to have you at our
foundation's fund-raisers.
I mean, I'm a huge fan.
Oh, thanks.
And, you know, not
just of you as an actor, but
also as a man.
You coming on to me,
Arthur?
I'm serious.
You know, my kids and I love
watching your movies.
You bring us a lot of joy.
Oh, I'm glad to hear
that.
Sit down for a
second, all right?
So, the word on the street is
you're a serious guy.
You got your head screwed on
straight.
Is that right?
Thanks.
I try.
Yeah, it took a little while,
but, uh, I finally got myself
cleaned up.
Well, I'm a big
believer in redemption.
Yeah, life is good
now.
That's wonderful.
You know, a lot of guys your
age, they- they just don't have
character yet.
If you don't mind, I want to run
something by you.
Hear your, hear your thoughts.
Shoot.
The work my
initiative's doing...
Yeah.
...is good.
It's solid.
You know, we're making progress,
but it's-it's low impact.
What we need now is to make
a splash.
What do you have in
mind?
I'm thinking
about Webisodes, commercials,
PSA's- a whole series of them.
But if we're going to come out
swinging, you know, what we need
to do is have a recognizable
face, you know, somebody that
people relate to.
You know, a personality that
they trust.
Oh, sounds like you'd
be perfect.
Me? Oh, no.
God, no. Are you kidding me?
No, I'm no actor. No.
Hey, have you ever seen me
on camera?
I look like- I look like
Frankenstein.
So you're thinking...?
You.
As the face of the Whirlwind
Initiative.
Absolutely, man.
I tell you something.
No, seriously, you'd be perfect.
Geez, Art, I'm
flattered.
I'm signed to do three pictures
back-to-back-to-back.
Ah, oh, wow.
In good faith, I can't
make the kind of commitment
you're talking about.
I'm sorry about that.
No, you don't
have to apologize.
Are you kidding me? Thanks...
Thanks for just listening to it.
Yeah, y-you get it.
Hmm...
Hey, that's your life
story, huh?
Yeah.
My Long and Windy
Road.
"Win-dy."
It's "Windy."
Goddamn.
I told my publisher people
wouldn't get it.
No, no, that's a great title. Yeah,
it's surprisingly easy to write.
I justotted down everything that
led me to this point in my life.
You know, my childhood, then,
uh, you know, through the
selfish years and right up until
my environmental enlightenment,
really.
Hey, you know something?
Give it a read, will you?
Love to.
Yeah, thank you.
Listen, uh, Art, I, um, I'm
afraid I'm going to have to leave.
I'm sure you'll find the perfect
pitchman.
I'm sure I will.
Yeah.
Hey, Dad!
Hi.
Hey, kiddo. Hey.
Did you have a good time? He
ran me around like a rodeo clown.
Grandma got me
ice cream.
What?
And 20 degrees outside?
That's what he
wanted, that's what he got.
Yeah.
I want to see Aunt Carol. Yeah,
well, maybe she'll drop by later.
Have you heard from
her?
Yeah, I called her and left a message,
but, well, she didn't call back.
Can I play video
games?
Yes.
Racetrack, no killing.
I'm afraid something's
happened to your sister.
Just give it some
time, Mom.
I've been looking
into Carol Tobin's past.
Apparently, she's run off
before.
Really? Her mother filed a
missing persons report once.
Interpol found Carol with her
boyfriend in Barbados.
So she could be
anywhere.
Well, yeah, but there
is good news.
Every single call from
Carol Tobin's cell phone has
been relayed through a tower
in this section of Brooklyn.
We could narrow it
down if we knew where she was
spending money.
Yeah, well, I'm still
checking on ATM records and
credit card statements.
So I should have more
information tomorrow.
You heading out?
Yeah, I'm going to
go meet Deb.
Everything okay?
Yeah, it's fine.
Good night.
I really like your new
place.
I like it, too.
It must be nice to be
out of that hotel.
So, I ran into
Michael.
Actually, he invited me to his
art show.
I guess congratulations are
in order.
For what?
You're going to be
a grandmother.
Jill's really showing.
Oh...
I... thought that you knew.
I'm really sorry.
I just assumed...
No.
No, no, I-I knew.
I just... still find it hard
adjusting to the idea.
Yeah, of course.
That's huge, having a
grandchild.
Yes, it is.
♪ ♪
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Hey. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well, it looks like
you're a hit.
Why?
Did we actually sell anything?
Yeah, I have offers
on two of your pieces.
Congratulations, babe.
You're a professional now.
I've changed my mind.
Take me home.
Tom.
What are you doing
right now?
Headed to work.
What's up?
I got Carol Tobin's
credit card statements.
Want to go to Brooklyn?
I'll drive.
Well, th-that's
true, but I, I feel that it's,
it's our responsibility to our
children, you know, and our
children's children.
And ourselves, for that matter.
All right. Okay.
No, no- I'll go through your
people from now on.
Well, thanks for taking my
call, Matt.
All right.
McConaughey said no?
Yeah, afraid so.
Everybody's so
goddamn selfish.
No, don't say
that.
It's not the cause, it's
probably me.
What do you mean?
I'm still a greedy
monster to a lot of people out
there.
My new image is going to take
some getting used to.
Dad, please.
Your shit was Mickey Mouse
compared to the Tobins.
Watch your
language, will you?
Actually, you know something,
Owen?
This is a good lesson for you.
Reputations die hard, don't
forget that.
Anyway, it may take a while, but
I will do what it takes to make
this work.
'Cause what can you always count
on a Frobisher to do?
Land on our feet.
You're goddamn
right.
Do you recognize
this woman?
Her credit card
statement says she bought some
groceries here last week.
Yeah, I think
I've seen her maybe a couple of
times.
Did you, uh, speak
with her?
Uh, probably just
a few words at the register.
Did she mention where
she lives?
Nah, nah, nothing
like that.
Well, we think
she may be staying around here.
We're just trying to figure out
where.
I'm sorry.
Customers come and go.
I don't normally ask too many
questions.
Do you have any idea
what direction she came from or
where she went when she left?
No, I'm afraid
not.
I'll tell you what.
If you see her again, just give
me a call.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Thank you.
Look, Patty, like it or
not, we're stuck in each other's
lives now.
So why don't you just try to be
civil and tell me why you asked
me here?
About a year ago,
Jill, I made a decision.
It was difficult.
I struggled with it.
But in the end, I promised
myself that I would stay out of
Michael's life.
Well, that must've
been hard, but maybe it was
for the best.
I think it was.
But now I'm going to break that
promise.
Why is that?
Because you've left
me no choice.
I checked you out.
Does Michael know you have an
ex-husband and two daughters?
Of course he does.
Does Michael know that
your ex has sole custody?
Yes.
Would it surprise him
to learn that the state of
Colorado found you an unfit
mother?
I care about Michael.
I lieve you.
And I have sympathy.
So I'm not going to tell him
what I know about your past.
Thank you.
But I want to know...
how much would it take?
For what?
For you to walk away.
A hundred thousand dollars?
Don't do this.
Oh, come on, Jill, you
run an art gallery, and a pretty
shitty one at that.
Business isn't exactly booming.
Good-bye, Patty.
$200,000?
I came here to make
peace.
Well, that's not
going to happen, so why don't
you just take a check and
disappear from my son's life?
Consider this the carrot.
Believe me, you don't want the
stick.
How are you doing?
You mean financially?
I'm supporting my entire
extended family.
Trying to avoid selling every
valuable possession I own.
And personally?
Well, things between
Deb and I have been pretty
shitty recently.
The hardest part is managing
her anxiety, it's...
She's not taking it well.
I'm so sorry.
Turns out that losing
70% of your net worth puts a
strain on a marriage.
I mean, who knew?
I assume you still
haven't told Patty that you
invested with Tobin.
No.
She'd pull me from the case.
I don't want her thinking that
my emotions would affect my
decision-making.
I don't think
that's why you're not telling
her.
It isn't?
No, 'cause if you
told her, then you might seem
weak.
Patty can't stand weakness in
people.
Maybe. Maybe...
You know, you're the only one
who knows her as well as I do.
Why don't you come back to the
firm?
I can't.
You're helping us,
anyway.
Yeah, but I need my
distance.
What does that mean?
If I had to deal
with Patty every day, I'd...
lose myself.
You know, she, uh,
made me partner, but once,
she... she told me that I'd be
nothing but a right-hand man.
She's just playing
mind games with you.
Yeah, well, she may
be right.
No, Tom, you don't
need her.
Shit.
What?
Why didn't I think
of this sooner?
Think of what?
I know someone that
lives around here.
It's right here.
Barry!
You know who lives
here?
Yeah.
Barry, it's Tom.
Tom who?
Tom Shayes.
Tom, Tom, Tommy
Shayes.
Right.
Who's she?
This is Ellen.
Hey.
I don't trust her.
She's, she's a
friend. Okay?
Have you seen this woman?
No.
We think she might be
hiding out around here.
Look, here's a hundred bucks.
You want me to keep
an eye out for her?
That's right.
If you see her, call me right
away.
Use that payphone around the
corner and call me, all right?
It's important.
You got it, Tommy.
Thanks, Barry.
I'll do whatever I
can to help you.
Thank you.
So, um, Patty Hewes is hit by
a car registered to Thomas
Shayes.
The driver of the car flees
the scene.
My partner and I go to the
address the car's registered to.
Then we find Thomas Shayes dead
in a Dumpster.
The same Dumpster where we
found your bag.
That is hard to
explain.
Yeah.
You know, Detective,
I... I don't think I'm in the
right state of mind to help you
right now.
Yeah, sure.
Sure, I understand.
This is, you know...
Yeah.
Oh, there's one-one more thing.
The, um, the homeless man who
found your bag, uh, he seems to
think that you and Tom Shayes
were in some kind of
relationship.
Was there something romantic
going on between the two of you?
Tom and I were
starting a law firm together.
I read it.
Arthur, I loved it.
Yeah?
Jesus Christ, the
shit you've been through.
It's just fantastic.
Well, thank you.
I'll tell you the
truth, I was in Italy during
your trial, so I missed it.
But this is...
it's remarkable.
I- I really
appreciate you reading that.
Thank you, Terry.
I want to be in
business with you.
Let me option this.
I want the rights to your story.
Um...
You know, Terry, I-I don't...
I don't think people want to see
a movie about my life.
Your rise, your fall,
the rebuilding.
It's an American epic.
You're kidding
me, right?
Arthur, you get the
right director and the right
writer...
This is powerful,
powerful stuff.
Yeah, I don't,
I don't know.
Thank you.
Yes.
And I want to play you.
I'm flattered,
obviously, but...
I really don't think this is
a very good idea.
You give me the
rights to your book...
you've got yourself a pitchman
for your foundation.
You would do
the commercials...
and the Webisodes, the PSA's?
As many as you want.
What do you say?
Well, I suppose if
we can both help each other out.
We absolutely can.
I have to say
I'm intrigued...
Boy!
Yeah!
Louis Tobin's boots,
Danielle Marchetti's phone.
Where did you get
those?
At some point,
someone threw the boots and the
phone into a Dumpster,
and Barry found them.
The homeless guy?
So that's how you know him?
Why would someone throw this
stuff away?
Tobin's trying to
cover up Thanksgiving.
Your guy found her.
She all right?
He said she
looked a little run down, but
besides that, she seemed fine.
Here's the address where she's
been staying.
You sure this is
the place?
Yes. Why?
Michael, are you sure
you want this?
Want what?
Me, the baby,
all of it.
You have your whole life
ahead of you.
We've already talked
about this.
You could be at college
with your friends, going to
parties and thinking
about yourself.
I'm not interested
in that.
I just, I just don't
want to saddle you with
anything.
I want you to know that you
can walk away and I'll be okay.
Where is this coming
from all of a sudden?
Nowhere.
Shit. Ellen told my
mom she saw us, didn't she?
What?
Did my mother
call you?
Did you talk to her?
Of course not.
I would have told you that.
I just want to know that you're
sure, that's all.
I'm really glad that you're in
this with me.
Lenny!
Are you okay?
Hey.
She's fine.
Carol, let me speak with
Lenny alone, okay?
These apartments
are in my name, Joe.
I am the landlord here.
You should have told me.
How'd you find out she
was here?
Your mother was
concerned.
I hired someone.
You hired someone?
Why are you
hiding her?
Because Zedeck didn't
kill Danielle.
What do you mean?
What did Danielle say
to the D.A.?
Nothing.
She pled the Fifth.
What?!
She knows you had nothing to
do with the fraud.
Why didn't she just say that?
I don't know.
After everything Daddy
did for her, after all that shit
she dragged our family into.
What can we do about it?
Why do you still have that?
I don't know. I was...
Look, Carol, I am
really sorry for your family...
but I'm gonna get your coat.
Jesus Christ.
I didn't want the D.A.
to get to Carol, so I put her
here.
Tom Shayes.
Tommy.
Barry, did you
find her?
No, but he came back.
Who came back?
The guy who threw away the
stuff I found in the Dumpster.
You mean the
cell phone?
And the boots.
Yeah, he's back.
You sure it's the guy
who threw the stuff away?
Shit, yeah.
How do you know?
I saw him clear as
day.
Thanks, Barry.
Patty, I can't talk
right now.
Where are you?
Goddamn it! Tell
me what's going on.
Tom? Tom?!
Patty, I gotta go.
Let's do this fast.
It's all here?
All of it.
Good.
I'm a man
of my word.
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org